New RN v10.8.0 (#110)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/release-notes/platform_10-8-0_releasenotes.md

#### No Code Backoffice Configurator

:::info
This feature is still in BETA, do not miss out the [official documentation](/business_suite/backoffice-configurator/overview.md) page for further information.
:::

The Low Code experience when configuring the Backoffice is now evolving towards a **No Code** Configuration! 
In the Console section dedicated to Backoffice, you can now configure your Backoffice pages and layouts, with a fancy and easy to use UI! It is possible to configure both micro-lc Layout and all the created compose Pages in a No Code fashion. From the left hand side menu, it is possible to choose one of the component in the page, and on the right hand side it is possible to see the drawer with all the properties to be configured. Moreover, the middle section of the page shows the updated preview aligned with all the changes.

![Mia Platform Backoffice No Code Configuration](./img/10.8/backoffice-no-code.png)

Don't miss all the other Backoffice improvements in the [dedicated section](#backoffice---138)!

> ### Improvements

Reviewer: Removed

[Go to the official documentation](/runtime_suite/csv-connector/configuration.md) to find out more.

#### Debezium PostgreSQL plugin

The rollout of the supported Debezium Plugins is going on! You can now find in the Marketplace the [Debezium connector plugin for PostgreSQL](/fast_data/connectors/debezium_cdc.md#postgresql) databases with the pre-configured config map for Debezium Server to connect directly to a PostgreSQL Database.

### Improvements

#### Managing Warnings and Errors in a No-Code ER Schema

The Fast Data No Code ER Schema includes improved warning and error management. It provides notifications in case the ER Schema has an invalid structure and warnings related to non-existing fields in conditions. It also validates incomplete or invalid rules.

### Bug Fix

This version addresses a few bugs in the No Code ER Schema. Here is a comprehensive list:

* Fix a bug that prevents rules, which include Mongo query operations, from generating invalid conditions in the ER Schema.
* Improved validation for the rules editor when dealing with nested Mongo queries.

## Marketplace

> ### Marketplace Updates

Reviewer 2: should be removed if no updates on Marketplace are present in this release

---
id: v10.8.0
title: Version 10.8.0 Release Notes
sidebar_label: v10.8.0
image: "img/release-note-link-preview.png"
---

_April 13, 2023_

## Console

### New Features

#### Management of Providers trough the Console

> Starting from today it will be possible to manage the creation, configuration and edit of the providers used by the Console (GitProvider, Secret Manager and CI/CD Tool) directly using the respective dedicated section in the "Company Overview" area.
> 
> Previously this was possible only through the use of specific APIs exposed on the API Portal, while now using a dedicated front-end on the console it will be possible to do it in a guided, simple and intuitive way.
> 
> ![Providers Section](./img/10.8-providers-section.png)
> 
> To learn more about the providers supported by the Console and for a detailed explanation of the Section, [go to the official documentation](/development_suite/set-up-infrastructure/providers-management.md) page for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Starting from today it will be possible to manage the creation, configuration, and editing of the providers used by Mia-Platform Console (GitProvider, Secret Manager and CI/CD Tools) within a brand new dedicated section - named "Providers" - inside the "Company Overview" area. 

Previously, this was only possible through the use of specific APIs exposed on the API Portal, while now you will be able to do so directly on the Console, in a guided, simple and intuitive way.

![Providers Section](./img/10.8-providers-section.png)

To learn more about the providers supported by the Console and for a detailed explanation of the "Providers" section, [go to the official documentation](/development_suite/set-up-infrastructure/providers-management.md).
```
